[IMP] developer: document new parameter (#5234)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/backend/mixins.rst

        parent partners to the message in case of private discussion
    :param list(tuple(str,str)) attachments: list of attachment tuples in the form
        ``(name,content)``, where content is NOT base64 encoded

>     :param body_is_html: indicates `body` should be threated as HTML even if `str`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :param bool body_is_html: indicates whether `body` should be treated as HTML, even if `str`.
```
